nv21: Add SynthPoRep config (#667)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/advanced-configurations/sealing.md

  # type: Duration
  # env var: LOTUS_SEALING_TERMINATEBATCHWAIT
  #TerminateBatchWait = "5m0s"

>   # UseSyntheticPoRep, when set to true, will reduce the amount of cache data held on disk after the completion of PreCommit 2 to 11GiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # UseSyntheticPoRep, when set to true, will reduce the amount of cache data held on disk after the completion of PreCommit2 to 11GiB.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion 😉

Author: Thanks! Added
